Israel's war cabinet is expected to
approve plans for a ground invasion in
Rafa prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
says that the operation will happen and
that a potential ceasefire in Gaza would
only delay it Israel's Army presented
its operational plan to the war cabinet
on Sunday ahead of the plan defensive at
least 1.5 million Palestinians are
Sheltering in Rafa that's more than half
of the strip's population let's get more
on this by joining H Salo in occupied
East Jerusalem is standing by so
Netanyahu has been speaking about this
plan when do you think we're going to
get more details about what he's
saying well there is a lot to unpack
here so let's start with the Israeli
Prime Minister and what he's been saying
to American Media to begin he's saying
that there are now plans for not only
the evacuation of Palestinian civilians
from Rafa more than a million and a half
of them are seeking ref refuge in gaza's
Southernmost city but he also says that
there are operational plans here it is
not known where these Palestinians are
supposed to go one Israeli official
speaking anonymously to Israeli media
said that perhaps it will be to the Kan
Yunis area but nothing is still
confirmed the Israeli Prime Minister
said that they want to get civilians out
of Harm's Way but it's difficult to
really understand how that's going to be
possible when every single area in the
Gaza Strip has has come under Relentless
Israeli bombardment including graa an
area that was supposed to be the last
safe place for Palestinians in Gaza so
that is the first order of business the
second is that if there is a deal on the
horizon the negotiating team that was
sent or going to be sent to Doha
according to the Israeli Prime Minister
is not there to really make a deal but
perhaps just to talk about Aid and he
says that even if there is a deal that
raah Invasion would be delayed
but if there isn't a deal the operation
would happen at a much sooner rate but
that either way it was going to happen
regardless this comes despite a lot of
international criticism and pressure on
the Israelis specifically the Israeli
Prime Minister and the Army on how
exactly they are going to maneuver a
ground Invasion where more than a
million and a half Palestinians are
seeking Refuge H therefore for us an
occupied East Jerusalem thank
you